*: add experimental warnings (#2832)
pingcap/docs: system-tables/system-table-sql-diagnosis.md

# SQL Diagnosis

> **Warning:**
>

> > This is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use this attribute in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> SQL diagnosis is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment.
```
